# Manual Testing notes

## release 5.8 notes

1. Welcome Screen - image section should have open image (edit: does nothing)
2. where's the layers panel? how do i open the animation timeline? no keybinds listed in the keybind thing. (edit ok better now but layers panel needs icons and not as much text, it's busy and confusing)
3. no indication of how to change brush size, shape
4. did the shading brush thing make it in? (done)
5. not sure we should be able to switch modes from font to image editor while editing an image, seems pointless, it should just be one or the other, and greyed out. the ascii preview of the font makes sense if you are editing a font and want to see how it looks with some text maybe and the preview for the animation or image makes sense for image editing but jumping between font and image editing doesn't make sense. (EDIT OK DONE)
6. help section?(OK DONE)
7. still no indication of canvas size, no menu item to edit canvas size, no menus for showing/hiding animation timeline, layers panel, etc
8. open image does nothing
9. canvas size still not editable? no menu item for it.
10. new image should have secondary dialog to enter canvas size, choose palette from list of defaults, etc
11. open image should have a file dialog box to pick the image?
12. each layer in layer panel should be 2 or maybe 3 rows high, 1 for the layer name, 1 for the layer attributes, should also be resizeable width, draggable with mouse or keybinds
13. i thought we were going to move tool options to the right sidebar?
14. where's the lighting tool?
15. keybinds popup should be scrollable, missing lots of keybinds, layer keybinds, etc.
16. text tool is massively broken, i think keybinds eat the keys so you can't type most keys
17. needs default palettes with ~5 colors per hue shade
18. exiting should ask to save if not saved
19. timeline is probably not scrollable, guessing layer panel isn't either but needs to be in case there's lots of layers.
20. should have a layers menu with actions same with timeline
21. layers should be reorderable by dragging handle on leftside of each layer
22. needs a better divider between last tool in tool palette and brush info underneath it
23. where's the palette editor? items 5.6.3 and 5.6.4, no keybinds, no menu items, should have icon buttons in palette toolbox.

